Fix jaeger troubleshooting (#6779)
kyma-project/kyma: docs/tracing/10-01-traces-troubleshooting.md

## Jaeger shows only a few traces

Istio Pilot sets the trace sampling rate at `1`, where `100` is the maximum value. This means that only 1 out of 100 requests is sent to Jaeger for trace recording. To change this system behavior, run:

```bash
kubectl -n istio-system edit deploy istio-pilot
```

Set the **PILOT_TRACE_SAMPLING** environment variable to a desired value, such as `60`.

> **NOTE**: Using a very high value may affect Jaeger and Istio's performance and stability. Hence increasing the memory limits of Jaeger's deployment is needed.

> Read more in [Istio docs](https://istio.io/docs/tasks/observability/distributed-tracing/overview/#trace-sampling)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Read the [Istio docs](https://istio.io/docs/tasks/observability/distributed-tracing/overview/#trace-sampling) for more information. 
```
